Provide Provided Provided We provide
services They provided assistance He has
provided support Create Created Created
She creates art We created a painting You
have created many things Add Added Added
They add ingredients He added salt We
have added our signatures Allow Allowed
Allowed We allow breaks They allowed
extra time She has allowed exceptions
Consider Considered Considered You
consider options We considered leaving
They have considered alternatives
Expected Expected He expects results They
expected delays We have expected
challenges Remain Remained Remained
We remain hopeful She remained silent You
have remained loyal Suggest Suggested
Suggested They suggest ideas I suggested
a solution He has suggested improvements
Seem Seemed Seemed It seems easy It
seemed difficult It has seemed impossible
Occur Occurred Occurred It occurs
naturally It occurred yesterday It has
occurred frequently To be continued To be
continued To be continued To be continued